Adds Cal trigger Docs (#862)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/trigger-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.calTrigger.md

# Cal Trigger

[Cal](https://cal.com/) is the event-juggling scheduler for everyone. Focus on meeting, not making meetings.

!!! note "Credentials"
    You can find authentication information for this node [here](/integrations/credentials/cal/).

## Example Usage

This workflow allows you to receive updates for events in Cal.

- [Cal Trigger]()

The final workflow should look like the following image.

![A workflow with the Cal Trigger node](/_images/integrations/trigger-nodes/caltrigger/workflow.png)

### 1. Cal Trigger node

1. First of all, you'll have to enter credentials for the Cal Trigger node. You can find out how to do that [here](/integrations/credentials/cal/).

> 2. Select the events you want to receive updates for from the *Events* dropdown list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the events you want to receive updates for from the **Events** dropdown list.
```

> 3. Click on *Execute Node* to run the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on **Execute Node** to run the node.
```

(Optional Advanced Settings)

> Click on *Add Field* under advanced fields and select the option(s) you wish to add. You can enter an EventType ID, an App ID and a payload template. *Please note that the eventType ID should only be of a team EventType.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on **Add Field** under advanced fields and select the option(s) you wish to add. You can enter an EventType ID, an App ID and a payload template. Note that the eventType ID must be of a team EventType.
```
